$1 phone case versus $50 phone case for
$1 you will get a case you just won't
get much more than that it obviously
feels quite cheap it's a little bit
sticky it attracts a lot of fingerprints
and you can actually see if you look
closely it's yellowing around the sides
but for basic drop protection it would
do the job $25 gets you something much
higher quality it gives you basically no
yellowing at all it's got air cushioned
Corners that give you literally military
grade protection but also mag safe so
your wireless chargers can just snap
into place on the backat $50 though can
get you something top end like the
tauras oan this video is sponsor this is
everything that the $25 case does but
with a two-piece construction so the
back is smooth and matte but the sides
are grippy and there's also raised edges
to protect both the screen and the
cameras but this is by far the best beit
it's not just that oand went absolutely
nuts with the quality of magnet Taurus
is the original brand who turned the
magnet into a holder to stop you
dropping it it's a stand to keep your
phone upright when you're scrolling or
being incredibly lazy it also rotates oh
that L which means you can do that in
any orientation